Who were the first humans created by God according to the Book of Genesis?
Which individuals were initially made by God in the Book of Genesis?
Which fruit were Adam and Eve forbidden to eat in the Garden of Eden?
What fruit were Adam and Eve not allowed to consume in the Garden of Eden?
Who tempted Eve to eat the forbidden fruit?
Which one lured Eve to consume the prohibited apple?
Which of Adam and Eve's sons offered an unacceptable sacrifice to God?
Who among the children of Adam and Eve gave a displeasing offering to God?
What was the consequence for Cain after he murdered Abel?
What did Cain face as a result of killing Abel?
Why did God decide to send the flood during Noah's time?
What was God's reason for releasing the flood in the era of Noah?
How long did the floodwaters remain on the earth during the time of Noah?
For what duration did the floodwaters stay on the planet in Noah's era?
Which mountain did Noah's Ark come to rest upon?
On which peak did Noah's Ark settle?
What was the sign of the covenant God made with Noah after the flood?
What symbol represented the pact God established with Noah following the deluge?
Why was the construction of the Tower of Babel halted?
Why did the building of the Tower of Babel stop?
To which region was Abram called by God to go?
Which area was Abram instructed by God to travel to?
What new names were given to Abram and Sarai by God?
Which fresh names were bestowed upon Abram and Sarai by God?
Who was the son born to Abraham and Sarah in their old age?
Which child was born to Abraham and Sarah during their old age?
Which two cities were destroyed due to their wickedness during Abraham's time?
What were the names of the cities that got destroyed because of their wickedness in Abraham's era?
Who was Isaac's wife?
Who did Isaac marry?
Who were the twin sons of Isaac and Rebekah?
Which sons were born as twins to Isaac?
What did Esau trade to Jacob for a bowl of stew?
What did Esau exchange with Jacob for a bowl of soup?
Why did Jacob flee to his Uncle Laban's house?
What was the reason for Jacob's escape to his Uncle Laban's residence?
Who were Jacob's two wives?
What is the name of Jacob's women?
How did Joseph end up in Egypt?
In what way did Joseph come to be in Egypt?